Assume you have no problem running your application locally,
but our angle is to make this application running
on server so people from different location can use it.
To achieve that, we need to make sure our application is packaged.
There are two types of packaging strategy.
We can pack that into a JAR file.
The JAR file contains library's,
resource, and accessories files like property file.
We can also pack that into WAR file.
The WAR file contains web application that can be deployed on any server or container.
The WAR file contains JSP, HTML, JavaScript,
and other files necessary for the development of web application.
In this session, we're only going to cover JAR file packaging.